1-1

Introduction to Programming for Everybody

Python for Everybody
Chsrles Severance Ph.D.
Clinical Associate Professor of Information School of Information

Hello, and welcome to Python for everybody. I'm your instructor, I'm Charles Severance from the
University of Michigan School of Information, and I've been teaching this course for a long time. 
From the beginning, I set out to create a different kind of programming class. This is not 
intended (предназначенный) to be a first computer science class. This is intended to be exposing
(демонстрация) you to the joy (удовольствие) and happiness that I feel when I write software. 
I think sofware is wonderful. I think it's creative, I think it's fun.

There's no prerequisites (предварительное) to this course. You don't have to know math to start ot.
I'm not in a hurry (спешить) in this class. Most programming classes are stuck (застрял)
with 15 weeks and they got to teach you something. I'm going to teach you something I think that
you're going to love and feel jouful about and enjoy, and it's going to take you as long as it's going
to take, because reallly what I want to do is prepare you to take your next programming course, not \
necessarily be your first programming course. I want your first programming course to be
successful one. And I want to teach you that which you're going to be successful in your next course.

Even though I say it's easy and you should take you time, I understand that you might find it
frustarting (раздражающий). I'll tell you, I've been doing this for a very long time, and if I'm working
on something new or differrent, some new feauture in a new language, I can get just as frustrated as you.
The thing you got to learn about your frustration when you're learning to program is it's not because
it's hard, it's because you don't get it yet.

And afterwards, you're like, how was I confused about that? This actuallyy happened to me when I was
learning object orientation in PHP. I probably was six to eight month that I would look at the code
and I'm like, what are they doing here? And I got ten languages that I know and I couldn't look at
it and I was getting so mad and I would spend like and hour to read the documentation and it
didn't make any sense to me. And at one point, just before I gave up, I
