1-4
Course outline (план)

Welcome to the Programming for Everryone (Getting Started with Python) course taught (учил) by Charles Severance!

The goal of this course is to teach everyone the basics of computer programming using Python. We'll cover the
basic of building a program from a series of simple Python instructions. The course has no
prerequisites (предварительные требования) and does not include any mathematics other than the simplest one. 
Anyone with moderate computer experinece should be able to master the materials in this course. The course covers
chapters 1-5 of the Python for Everyone tutorial. After completing this course, the student will be prepared 
to study more advanced programming courses. This course covers Python 3.

Participation Strategies

Engaged(занятый) learning looks different for everyone. In this course, we hope that you will identify
your own success rates (уровни) and work with the material in a way that is convenient (удобный)
for you. We recognize and welcome the different ways in which students are involved (участвующий)
in the learning process. As you progress through the course, we hope that you will reflect on your
unique skills, needs, and aspirations and study the course material according to your goals.
Even through the course has deadlines for completion, you should feel empowered (уполномоченный)
to engage with the material in a way that is convinient for you.

Course Schedule (расписание) and Grading (оценивание) Rules
Below you can see a breakdown of the grades for each task:
Test: Chapter 1
Task: Write Hello World
Test: Chapter 2
Task 2.2
Task 2.3
Test:Chapter 4
Task 4.6
Test: CHapter 5
Task 5.2

Getting involved in the community
We expect everyone to be mindful (внимательный) of what they are saying and its potential impact on others.
The goal is to have respectful discussions that do not disrupt (нарушать) the space of the community
created for these discussions. Here are some productive ways to participate (участвовать) in this course:
Participate: This is a community. Read what others write and share your thoughts.
Stay curious: Learn from experts and from each other by listening and asking questions, not making
assumptions (предположения).
Keep a positive attitude: When replying to a message in a discussion forum, express your thoughts
about what was said, not about who write it. Avoid (избегать) using capital letters, lots of
exclamation points, and aggressive language.
Acknowledge the discomfort: The topics discussed in this course may be challenging or
difficult to discuss. Stick to this and be mindful of the benefits of such difficult conversations 
that are revealed from different perspectives.

We expect (ожидать) all students to adhere (соблюдать) to our full Student engagement policies.
We will ensure that this course does not contain language that could be considered inflammatory
(провокационный), abusive (оскорбительный), racist (расист значит человек, который считает одну расу людей лучше или хуже другой и относится к людям предвзято из-за их происхождения или цвета кожи.)
or otherwise inappropriate (неподходящий) for this learning space, and will remove those that are 
considered (рассматриваемый) as such.

Note regarding "study groups" outside the platform: While students are encouraged (воодушевлённый)
to interact with each other using the communication tools offered within the learning platform,
please note that any study groups created outside of this platform, such as social media or
communication apps and websites (such as WhatsApp), are not affiliated (связанный) with,
maintained, or moderated by the University of Michigan. If you received (полученный) an
invitation to a third-party study group that mentions the course and claims to be officially 
affiliated with University of Michigan or individual facuty, please exercise caution as this may be an 
attempt at fraud (попытка мошенничества)

Academic integrity

All submitted works must be you own and academic dishonesty (нечестность) is no tolerated. Academic
dishonesty can be defined as:
- Copying words, ideas, or other materials from another source without attribution
- Copy answers or copy from your peers in the course
- Using or allowing another person to modify or rework your work and then present it as their own
- Using AI tools like ChatGPT to crate or edit your work and presenting that work as your own, unless
you have been instructed to use AI as part of the assignment.

Please do not share or reuse the solutions of the assignments, this violates academic integrity.
Please do not do this:
- Share the full code of the assignment (задание) in the course discussion forums
- Upload completed assignments to public sites to share solutions. (You can share your work and ideas for
professional purposes).
- Take a collegue's decision and present it as your own

Course Support

Questions and discussion of course materials should take place within the course itself. Please do not contactt
teachers or assistants outside the platform, as it is almost impossible to answer individual questions.
We encourage (воодушевлять) ypu to direct your questions to the discussion forum, where your question can
be answered by a fellow course member or one of our team members. For technical assistance, please contect Course
Student Help Center or use the support forrums.

Accessibility

We strive to create accessible training courses for the widest possible audience. We recognize that students with
disabilities (including but not limited to visual, hearing, cognitive, or motor impairments (нарушения)
may need more specific accessibility-related supports to achieve the learning goals of this course.

Please use feedback form to let us know about any accessibility issues, such as urgent issues that prevent
you from making progress in the course (e.g., missing or inadequate alt text, errors in subtitles).

Third - Party Sites and Software: While the University of Michigan is not responsible for the availibility of
third-party sites or applications that may be linked to this course, we still encourage you to report
accessibility issues related to them so that we can ensure that you are able to participate in the course.
In such cases, we may contact you for more information, to explore ways to remove barriers to accessibility
or to suggest affordable alternatives.

Global Learning Statement

We welcome all learners to this course. BY enrolling in this course, you are joining people from all over the
world, and we appreciate the perspectives they bring to the learning environment. We srtrive to crate
a community based on mutual respect and trust, where people of all backgrounds and views are valued and listened 
to without the threat of bias, harassment, intimidation or doscrimination. We pay attention to your feedback 
on how different types of learners percieve this course and strive to make improvements to ensure that the course 
is as useful as possible for everyone. We hope you enjoy learning the topics that are important to you.
