1-8
Welcome back. Now, we're going to talk a little bit about hardware architecture. You might ask yourself
sort of why all these terms, ans words, and central processing unit, what I want from this section is
I just want to define a few terms, so that I can use them in the rest of the course. That's really it. 
I want you to have some sense of the basic block diagram of things. Now in the old days, I'm going to show
you three generations of hardware. I'm going to show you really old hardware from the 60s and 70s.
I'm going to show you sort of medium old hardware from the 90's and early 2000s. And then, I'm going
to show you sort of suuper brand new hardware that sort of this is a Raspberry Pi and it's the kind
of highly integrated hardware that goes into things like the cellphone. So I'll kind of be going 
back and forth between three complete generations of hardware. But the picture and the concepts that
I want you to understand are these terms. Central processing unit, main memory, secondary memory unit,
and input/output devices. So we'll start with input/output devices. There is a little, that's okay
just mess up a little bit, no problem at all.
Output devices, screens, and that's sort of how the humans in the outside world interact. Software,
the main inside the computer, we have the central processing unit, and the main memory, and then
the secondary memory. And so it's probably easier for  me to take the, neither the oldest nor the
newest, to give you a sense of what is going on here. And so, if you had a desktop and maybe you still
have one of these junky old desktops at home, they are the ones that are big and they make noise when 
they start up, they have in them a number of differrent parts and the closest thing that a computer
has to intelligence in this. Central processing unit, CPU is what we call them. And if you look at
the back side of this CPU it is actually a circuit. It's a highly sphisticated circuit with
millions of transistors on it, and, you've probably heard that, millions of transistors. It runs maybe 
three billion instructions per second.

What does that mean? Well that means that an instructions is a set of electrical pulses, maybe 32 little 
wires or 64 little wires. And at three billion times a second, this is programmed to ask what's
next. And it pulls what's next in these little electric wires. Well, where does it get the answer to what's
next? It gets the answer to what's next out of the memory. And so your program, when you write a program,
let me draw this, when you write a program, you create a file on the secondary memory, like a Python file,
and then at some point that is loaded into the main memory, translated, and then your program is here.
And then when the CPU says what next, your program feeds its first instruction. And then when that's done,
the CPU says what's next? It feeds the second unstruction, third inctruction, fourth instruction. It's
called the fetch-execute cycle. And these two parts, the CPU and the main memory, are what participate. And the main memory is where you kind of live.
Somewhere in there, a little tiny version of yourself is in there answering the questions that this is asking.

Now you might say how smart is this, it's not really very smart at all. It's a really fast hand calculator
with lots of storage is the best way to think about it. And going back to the 60s and the 70s, this is a piece of
hardware from a computer that was the size of a room with probably 20 refrigators, all with modules that make this up.
And in here, well you probably can't see it, you've got resistors, transistors, and capacitors, and then wires. The
wires are all printed on this printed circuit board, otherwise known as PCB. And so, the closest thing this has
to intelligence are these transistors. And at their simplest, what they can do is they can sort of make really simple
yes/no decisions.

And then they also can be used, if you hook them together the right way, to store a little bit of information.
And so, when we say there are millions of transistors packed into this little tiny square right here. It's kind
of pretty. I mean, if you look at it, it's sot of, it looks almost like a jewel, it's so pretty. And each one of those
is a real tiny photo-imprinted transistor and so there are millions of this. And so the difference between 1960 and today is this
part gets smaller and smaller and smaller to the point where literally thounsands of theses things are all squeezed in to
that little square. And coming back to sort of the mid-grade one, so this one here is the motherboard.

This part here is the motherboard because it's the mother of all boards and it connects everything together. All these
components plug in and that;s how they are connected together and there's a whole bunch of wires that go back and forth
on this and so this is how your program in a sense is transported from the memory to the CPU. And so, this motherboard connects them. Another thing
that's connected to the mptherboard is secondary storage. Now, the reason we have to have secondary memory or secondary storage is
this is designed to be really fast, the main memory is super fast. And what happens is when the computer turns off, your
program is erased from here. And so I originally said that you write your program, and you put a file in here, a .py file,
and this is the same place that your Word files are, and your PowerPoints are.

And then, the .py file is kind of loaded and translated into the main memory. And then when the computer shuts off, all this
data goea away. Secondary memory is permanent. This does not get shut off. And, so, in the old days, this old-day stuff, we used to store
our programs and our files on our hard drive. And you may even have a computer at home where there's a actual physical spinning
platter of magnetic media and a little head that goes in and out to read and write the data. And so it actually records magnetically when you 
put a file in, it records it and then when the power's off the magnetic recording stays here.


And so theses things, physical disk drives, are kind of going, becoming extinct, because all the data is in little USB sticks like
this, and that's a perfectly good version of secondary memory. But at least for us, we can look at these beautiful antique mechanical gadgets that
we used to store data magnetically when the power goes off. Now, this one here is pretty broken. And it's pretty in bad shape, so
it's probably not really storing much of anything. So in a summary of this picture, the thing I really want you to get out of this
picture is a series of definitions. The Central Processing Unit is very simple, it's the closest thing computers have to brains, but it wants
to answer the question what to do next, but, we have to feed, through memory. The answers, which is your programs. And then we have input devices,
output devices, the main memory, and then the larger permanent storage in the secondary memory.
So, where you live inside of a computer  is basically in the main memory. When you write a program, you tyoe it in the computer, you outside
the computer are typing on your keyboard, and you're typing Python commands into a file. Like if x less than 3, print, right? And then, that gets 
loaded into the main memory, and so you, this is a creative version of yourself. It's your instructions that are going to be run and
that program ends up in the main memory, and then it's run. So, this is sort of where you live inside the somputer. Think of it that way.
