2-1
Welcome to this introductory course on SQL. Sql, or Structured Query Language, is one of the most widely (широко) used languages in the global
tech industry. Data Scientists, Data Analysts, Data Engineers, Data Warehouse Specialist, Business Intelligence Analysts, Data Architects,
and Database Administrators - all rely on their SQL skills to query data or perform analysis. As companies continue to generate enormous 
amounts of data to support their growth strategies, the high demand for SQL skills is expected to continue. Companies hiring data profressionals
ranked SQL the 2nd most in-demand tech skill from a TOP 25 list by Burning Glass, which analyzes millions of job listings daily. SQL
Professionals earn a median salary of $92,504, with job growth projected at 11.5% over the next decade. SQL is a powerful language used for communicating
with databases.

Whether it's just a few rows in a single table or millions or bilions of rows spanning a large number of tables spread across a cluster of servers.
There are numerous advantages to learning SQL for anyone interested in working with data. SQL is an essential skill and qill boost your
profressional profile as a data professional. SQL is one of the most in-demand skills by hiring employers. Learning SQL will give you a solid 
understanding of working with not only relational databases but many NoSQL and Big Data engines that also utilize SQL like interfaces. This
course prepares you for using SQL in the real world. You will learn the basics of SQL language and relational databases.

You will start with performing simple SQl queries using SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE and DELETE statements. Next, you will create tables and load 
them with data. You will then learn how to filter, sort, and aggregate results as well as work with built-in database functions. You will also
learn to write Nested Queries and join data in multiple tables. Finally, you'll demonstrate your SQL skills with multiple hands-on labs and
real-world inspired project using a real-world dataset. Upon completing this course you will have developed skills and experince somposing a variety
of SQL queries, and using them to access and manipulate data in databases. If at any time in the course you need assistance or clarification, please post
in the course discussion forums to interact with your peers and course staff.
So, without further ado, let's begin your journey with SQL!
