2-3
Introduction to Databases
Hello first, we will talk a little bit about what you'll learn in this course. This course teaches you the basica of the SQL language and the
relational database model. There will be some lab exercises, and at the end of each section, there are a few review questions. And at the end, there
is a final exam. By the end of this course, you will be able to discuss SQL basica and explain various aspects of the relational database model. In this 
video, we will learn about SQL and relational databases. By the end of this video, you will be able to describe SQL, data, database, 
a relational database, and list five basic SQL commands.

But wait, what is sequel and what is a relational database? What is SQL? SQL is a language used for relational databases to query or get data iut of a 
database. SQL is also referred to as SQL and is short for its original name Structured Query Language. So SQL is a language used for a database
to query data. But what is data and what is a database? Data is a collection of facts in the form of words, numbers, or even pictures.

Data is one of the most critical assets of any business. It is used and collected practically everywhere. Your bank stores data about you, 
your name, address, phone number, account number et cetera. Your credit card company and your paypal accounts also store data about you.
Data is important,+; so, it needs to be secure, and it needs to be stored and accessed quickly. The answer is a database. So, what is a database?

Databases are everywhere and used every day, but they are largely taken for granted. A database is a repository of data. It is a program that
stores data. A database also provides the functionality for adding, modifying, and querying that data. A database also provides the functionality
for adding, modifying, and querying that data. There are different kinds of databases of different requirements. The data can be stored in various
forms. WHen data is stored in tabular form, the data is organized in tables like a spreadsheet, which is columns and rows.
